- Of course, we have
this Angelina and Mike drama.
- Our drama is not over.
- How are you gonna
do the reveal?
- We have no idea.
- This guy wants
to do this gender reveal.
- Operation jump
out of a plane.
- Stop it!
- I'm so drunk.
- Has--
oh, my God, Chris.
- ♪ Get crazy, get wild ♪
♪ Let's party, get loud ♪
- Yeah, buddy!
- ♪ If you wanna have fun ♪
- Party's here!
- The Situation
is under construction.
- We're so classy now.
- On the seventh day,
it'll be lit.
- Get the frig out of here,
you crazy!
- Um, hello?
- ♪ If you wanna have fun,
then do something crazy ♪
- ♪ I keep rising, I rise ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I keep rising, I rise ♪
♪ I keep rising,
I rise, uh-huh ♪
- Bourbon Street,
get it, girl.
Come on, girl.
I was so busy
with running around,
sports stuff, my store,
that I got
the frickin' date wrong.
I have to poop really bad.
I feel like
a complete asshole...
Is this the right way?
Because I'm the one
that missed the first full day.
[sighs] I'm tired.
- [gagging]
I remember bits and pieces
from last night,
but really nothing much.
Every time I think
that I don't have
any more left in me
to throw up,
there's more that comes out...
[gagging]
And more that comes out.
[whimpers]
- What the [bleep] is this?
Oh, my little--
sweet little room.
Crocodilly!
Hi, Crocky.
All right, I really have
to poop, so...
[line trilling]
- Yo, is this
the dancing chooch?
- Not anymore.
- Yes, you are.
Still a dancer,
still a stripper.
Bro, we need to focus today.
It's gender reveal time.
- Me and Pauly decided
today is the day
of Mike's gender reveal.
He has no idea
what's about to happen,
but Mike will actually
jump out of a plane.
- We gotta take the reins
on this.
Do you remember
he said he wanted
to jump out of a plane?
Why don't we do that?
- He's gonna tell Lauren,
and Lauren's not gonna
let him do it.
- Right.
All right,
let's figure this out.
I'm gonna come to you.
- Friends?
Where's my friends?
Hello?
Friends?
Cool, there's no
[bleep] friends.
Sick suite.
Oh, you are creepy
as [bleep], sir.
You're weird and freaky.
Who is this man?
I don't like your face.
Mama's here, bitches!
I don't like you.
- Hello?
- Deener!
- Hey!
- I'm in the cast suite.
No one's here.
- I'll be right there.
- OK.
- Yo.
- Yo, what up?
- Are you decent?
Ah, [bleep], you are.
- Sorry to disappoint.
- Um, what we gotta do, man,
we got to focus.
- We cannot tell him,
because he's gonna tell Lauren.
- She can't know. The other
girls can't even know either.
- So we keep Lauren separate
from Mike today.
- Yes.
The only way this is gonna
actually work
is if Mike gets up in the air
before Lauren finds out.
She's not gonna let it go down.
How do we distract the girls?
- Alcohol.
- Wine.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Brunch.
- Yeah, they got mimosas.
- They can do mimosas.
- Ooh, we're sneaky.
We got this.
- We gotta figure out a way
to get this [bleep] jumping
out of a plane.
- Yes.
- But don't tell him
that he's gonna jump
out of a plane.
What are we gonna say,
let's go get breakfast?
Like, we need to do...
- No.
- Something that's, like, big.
- Is there something--I know
they got pizza around here.
- Mm-hmm. Let's look up, like,
Italian New Orleans food.
- All right.
- Muffaletta sandwich.
- It's a muffa-what-a?
- Muffaletta.
- Muffa-who?
What'd you just call me?
- Oh, you know the Muffalettas?
- Oh, I know Muffaletta, he
used to live down the street.
- Yeah, he lived
down the street.
- Yeah, he owes me money.
- In Staten Island, yeah.
- What the [bleep]
is a muffaletta?
- Well, we gonna find out.
I have no idea of what
a muffaletta sandwich is.
It sounds like one of
Angelina's future ex-husbands,
Chris Muffaletta.
"A muffaletta
is a deli sandwich topped
"with fresh olive salad,
"browned Italian bread,
salami..."
- Bro, it's an Italian--
- "Mortadella..."
- It's an Italian sub.
- What, are we
in Staten Island?
- I'm with it.
- That looks bomb.
We're gonna go eat
some Italian sandwiches.
- Gonna go eat some muff.
- We're gonna--
[laughs] We're gonna
go eat some muffalettas.
- Girls are gonna
do their brunch.
- Eventually,
Mike is gonna find out
that he's jumping out
of an airplane.
No big deal.
both: No big deal.
- All right, so we'll do--throw
food in front of his face.
He won't even think about it.
- This is too easy.
- Hello?
- [gasps]
Thank God!
both: Mm.
- You look cute.
I feel like
I have to go get ready.
How was yesterday?
- Ange was all over the place,
still spiraling
about the Twitter.
- Mike has been
coming at me on Twitter.
He said I had--
I should have been a felon.
- But then they were
in the car in the back,
and one of them brought it up.
And they weren't fighting.
Jenni was the mediator
in the back.
- Listen--
- Told her to come in positive.
- No, she is--she is--no.
- I said, if you're being
positive...
- I'm trying to be--
- She'd be positive.
- I'm--I'm being positive.
- I think another conversation
is gonna have to be had
because it was, like,
in the car, and then it got,
like, stopped short because
we got to the restaurant.
- I don't want any drama
like San Diego.
- To a cheater.
What?
- I'm a cheater?
- Yeah, you are.
- God forbid.
Is Ange alive?
- I don't know, actually.
Let me call her.
- Gold Coast Skydiving.
- Hey, how you doing?
I'm actually doing a big gender
reveal for a buddy of mine.
We need for him
to jump out of a plane.
- All right, can we do,
you know, detection smoke
from one of my guys.
- Actually,
that's a great idea.
- Do you have pink smoke?
'Cause we all know it's a girl.
Look, we all know it's a girl,
but I still want to see
Mike jump out of a plane.
- We don't have the smoke.
- Oh, damn,
I didn't realize that.
I gotta figure
something else out here.
- Yeah, and he's
a big boy too, so--
- He's a big boy.
Is there a weight limit?
- [laughs]
- Hang on.
Hang on now.
How big we talking now?
- Nah, not that big.
- Two...
- He's, like, doughy.
He has really small legs
though.
- He's top-heavy.
- Like, abnormally big biceps.
- So he's skipping leg day
kind of deal?
- Oh, yeah, every day.
[laughing]
We'll see you there.
- All right, we're gonna
see you in a little bit.
Thank you so much.
- She's probably not alive,
I'm telling you.
- Hello?
- Oh!
- [bleep], you sound horrible.
- Are you OK?
- Ange, I'm here.
- Who--Nicole?
- Are you OK?
- I've been hugging
the toilet bowl all day.
- Me and Chris were--
- Aw.
I think you were
Brenda last night.
- At the end of the night,
you threw
Vinny's cake on the floor,
and then you were on your knees
squishing the cake.
- Wait, when?
- [gasps] She blacked out.
- Whoo!
- No, not funny.
- [babbling]
[laughter]
- ♪ What a waste of cake ♪
- Now I have
to [bleep] do this.
- Bro, you're a weirdo.
- All right, well, get ready.
- Get your [bleep] together.
I'm here.
- We're going--
we're going out.
Yikes.
- Woof.
- Listen to this.
We have Zack and Chris.
What I'm gonna tell them is,
guys, here's what
I need you to do.
Hang back.
I'm gonna text you an address
to pick up a box.
Don't ask what's in that box.
Don't look what's in that box.
- Because otherwise,
I'm gonna [bleep] kill you.
- I'm gonna [bleep] kill you.
Have Zack and Chris ever really
been put to the test?
They play an essential role
because you know
what's in that box, right?
- Mm-mm.
- The smoke,
the pink smoke.
[laughter]
So why not put them
to the test now?
I'm gonna tell them
to go see my guy
and don't ask any questions.
I got a guy for them
to go see, that's it.
See, I have a guy
for everything.
If they look in that box,
they're gonna see my other guy,
the guy they don't want to see.
- Knock, knock.
- Come in, come in.
- Chris and Zack have been
just kind of
on the outskirts
of the circle of trust.
- Draw that curtain, Vin.
- All right.
- What's going on?
- What is happening?
- Yeah, they got married
and engaged,
and, you know,
Zack raises Jenni's kids,
but this is the ultimate test.
- Fellas, we got a little, uh,
project for you guys.
- [deep voice] Yeah.
- I'm gonna
text you an address.
You're gonna pick
something up, OK?
Don't ask me what it is.
Don't ask me
who you're gonna see.
Don't look in that box.
And I'm gonna text you another
address of where to bring it.
The thing is, you cannot
let your wives know.
- Mm-hmm.
- Don't ask me any questions.
- No speaking?
- And do not look in that b--
what happens
if you look in that box?
- We'll [bleep] kill you.
- Meet this guy
in this unknown location
and pick up
this unknown package.
- For something important.
- See this right here?
This is the circle of trust.
This is our family.
This is you guys.
- We're outside the circle?
- We're still outside
of your trust.
- You're close to it, you know?
You're, like,
creeping on the outside.
But if you want to be inside
the circle of trust,
you gotta complete this.
- Mmm. It's nice in there.
It's nice and warm.
- Yeah.
If Chris and Zack want to be
in the circle of trust,
they're gonna have
to do this mission
because if they [bleep] around,
they're gonna find out.
- Yeah, they're gonna
[bleep] around and find out.
And you see that little circle?
You know where they are?
Outside of it.
- Outside of the circle.
We want you guys right here.
- In the warm center.
- Can we count on you?
- Yeah, for sure.
- Appreciate it, man.
- I feel like
we're in a mob movie.
- So do not let the wives know.
- Don't let
the wives know what?
- Exactly.
I like that answer.
- Yeah.
- I like that.
I like that.
- That's right.
We are,
except we're on the side
that doesn't end well.
- Don't look in the box.
both: We won't look in the box.
- Trust.
- We'll take care of it.
- Thank you.
[smooth hip-hop music]
- What you think?
- I'm a little upset
we're outside the circle.
- [bleep] around, and...
both: You'll find out.
- My wife is going to flip out.
- If my husband's in a plane,
I'll lose it.
- Oh, [bleep].
- They're in the air!
- No.
I can't get my right leg out.
- No!
- ♪ We can live it up like ♪
♪ Dancing in the moonlight ♪
♪ Feeling good,
yeah, all right ♪
- Honey, today's
the last day to vote
for Reality Star of the Year.
- Are we in "The Shining"?
- Doesn't this remind you
of "The Shining"?
- What's up, man?
- You guys know
that Hurricane Nicole is
about to arrive?
- Wow, there literally is
a Hurricane Nicole coming.
- The party's here!
- Hurricane Nicole!
- I made it.
So proud of you.
- Thanks.
You're my number one fan.
- How you feeling?
- Hi.
I'm good. How are you?
- Muah.
What did I miss?
- Is Ange OK?
- She was throwing up
all morning,
probably from drinking all day.
- Aw.
- She was barhopping
by herself?
- She was.
- She was, like,
talking to you, but, like--
- She was going--[laughing]
- Something--something
was malfunctioning.
- Yeah.
- She wasn't--in the van.
- I was like,
yo, amazing vibe out here.
She's like,
but I have to talk to you.
- We'll talk.
- Yeah.
No, I know, I know.
- Earlier that night,
she came into my room,
and she did have a discussion
with me and Chris about it.
- Calm or not calm?
- I thought
I was gonna go [bleep]
Karate Kid
on some mother[bleep].
- She wasn't calm.
[laughter]
- He said in the text,
"If there's
anything disrespectful,
I'll take it down."
- Mm.
- So, like, she's--
- Please just text me.
The text message,
it says, you know,
"The girls can't take it,
I can."
- God.
- These girls can take a lot--
a lot of [bleep].
- Disgusting.
- No. No-Nut November.
- No-Nut.
- I am on day eight
of No-Nut November.
[laughter]
- If it's No-Nut November,
then, like,
why did I come?
- Yeah.
- Last night I came close,
no pun intended.
- Where?
- When?
- With myself.
- With himself, with himself.
- Oh, OK.
- You're teasing yourself?
- Yeah, I'm like, ooh.
- You know what?
both: Ew!
- It's funny you say that.
A lot of the times on vacation,
I get a little, like, horny.
- OK.
- I do.
- All right.
Ew.
- You guys liked
the reservations I did
last night, right?
- Yeah, can we go back?
- We should go back.
- Girls, I have something set
up for you you're gonna love--
brunch and mimosas.
both: Ooh!
- [laughing]
It's working.
And for us,
you ever heard
of a muffaletta?
- No.
- What's that?
- It looks like
an Italian sandwich--
Italian meat.
- Oh, [bleep].
- Ooh!
- We're gonna go
try all that out.
- Muffins?
Muffaletta?
Murf?
Murffles?
Never heard that word before.
Muffs.
- Can you bring us home
a sandwich to try?
- When you guys are
going to brunch?
- When Angelina rises
from the dead.
- Yeah, right.
- Yeah, we're gonna
be here all day.
- [gagging]
[sighs]
I need help this morning
so bad, so [bleep] bad.
Hi, guys.
- Hey, how's it going?
- Nice to meet you.
So I called this company
that does emergency IVs.
All righty.
I need the biggest
hangover bag they have.
I've been hugging
a [bleep] toilet bowl all day.
How much [bleep] food is in me
that I keep throwing up,
like, chunks of [bleep]?
Not [bleep].
You know what I'm saying.
Imagine people actually
throw up [bleep].
What would you do?
- All right,
you girls have fun.
- Bye.
Thank you for setting this up.
- You're welcome.
MVPK for muffalettas!
Do you know where
the muffaletta is?
I'll check it out.
all: Muffaletta!
- King didn't do it.
Which way is the muffaletta?
[person squeals]
They act like they ain't
never seen guidos before.
What's up? What's up?
- It's a vibe,
MVP on Bourbon Street.
- You guys know
where the muffalettas are?
- I can smell the mortadella
from here, man.
- Oh, word?
- I can smell the muff.
- Where's the moofalinis?
- They're known
for sandwiches here,
like, good muffalettas.
- Yeah, give me
that muffaletta.
You're Italian.
- Yep.
- I could tell.
- So y'all have to do
the muffaletta.
- Yeah, that's what I was told.
So all right,
we're gonna try this thing.
I told you.
- All right, cool.
Are you having a little
"DWTS" withdrawal right now?
- I don't know what I'm having.
- Listen, you might have
side effects
from No-Nut November.
- Because your pee-pee shrinks
if you don't use it.
- One full month, 30 days.
Your pee-pee--
- Your pee-pee shrinks.
- I need that.
My [bleep] is [bleep] huge.
- If you don't use it...
- You lose it.
- That's it.
- Ange, are you alive?
- Angeliners?
- No, I'm not alive.
I'm gonna die.
- You are the most
dramatic of dramatics.
- It's--girl.
- Pauly set up a mimosa day.
- A mimosa honestly
might help you.
You need a mimosa.
You need a Bloody Mary.
We're on vacation.
Get your [bleep] together.
- Why don't I just
meet you guys there?
- OK.
- All right.
- Just don't die.
- [sighing]
[Italian music]
- Oh, here we go.
- That's us.
- Ooh-wee.
Wow, that looks good.
- Wow.
- Oh, wow.
- Thank you.
- This is great.
This thing looks amazing.
Salute!
- How do you eat
this mother[bleep]?
♪ ♪
- Look at his mouth.
My compliments to the chef.
- This is definitely one of the
best sandwiches I've ever had.
The semolina's good.
And BDS is a critic.
The toasted semolina,
the olive tapenade,
the melted cheese,
and the Italian meats,
I mean--[speaking Italian]
- Mike, we gotta figure out
what we're doing
for this big gender reveal.
- Fireworks are cool.
Helicopter, plane...
- I like that, the plane.
- Dropping powder or confetti.
- That's cool.
- Could be a banner.
But I think something
from the air.
You know, I want
to kiss the sky, you know?
- Mm.
- Ooh.
"Kiss this sky."
Hmm, that's perfect.
I got you.
Your wish is our command.
- ♪ Gonna touch the sky ♪
♪ Gonna, gonna touch the sky ♪
- ♪ I walk into the room
with all those eyes on me ♪
- Want a coffee?
- I just had a coffee.
- Pauly said
he was gonna text us,
but I never got a text.
- Me neither.
[smooth Muzak]
♪ ♪
- Pauly and Vinny task
me and Zack
with going to pick up
a package.
The only instructions is,
don't talk to the guy
and don't look in the box.
Is this a Pauly D prank?
Maybe this whole thing
is not happening.
- What do we drop
from the sky though?
What color would it be,
pink or blue?
- Well, are you ready?
- Yep.
- We're having a girl.
- No.
- Hey!
- I had no idea
from the first 47 times
you told us it was a girl.
- No, I--what do you mean?
I never told you.
- ♪ Bang, bang,
hit that frame ♪
- Ooh, this is pretty.
- Look how pretty.
all: Ooh!
- Let's go, girls.
- It looks fancy.
- I'm here for all of this.
Girls' brunch.
This place looks like a good,
classy, fun time.
[burps]
Excuse me.
- Girl.
- [laughs]
- Like you've never
burped before.
- OK, here's a question.
The queen--like, you have
to [bleep] burp sometimes.
- Oh, definitely.
- So what do you do?
- Yeah, they [bleep].
- Oh, they burp.
[laughter]
- Do they go, like--
- They're probably like, eh.
- But you still make the noi--
bah.
Like, what do you--
- What if they do a fart?
- That, they probably hold in.
Maybe just silent.
- But what if it just pops out?
- I would assume.
- Oops!
- Like, the queen was, like,
90-something years old.
- She definitely
[bleep] her pants.
- Yeah.
- God rest her soul.
- Yes.
- Angelina had amazing,
positive vibes the first day,
but then the girls said
on the side,
she was being a bit erratic.
- Mike can't shut up
once he has,
like, something caught
in his head.
- We had this side deal,
and I don't know
why you're crying about it now.
You guys know
the backstory to it.
- Right now, it's Angelina.
- But she had texted me
a couple weeks prior.
Vinny, I'll send you the texts,
the receipts.
You can play Angelina,
and I will play myself
and--on the text exchange
of the receipt.
- All right, so this
is a table read?
- Yes.
- Action.
[Scott Joplin's
"The Entertainer"]
♪ ♪
- Let's tweet crazy.
- If I say anything
you don't like,
just text me
and I'll delete it.
- Leave it.
Just don't say "slut"
'cause that [bleep]
ain't allowed no more.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
[music stops]
Oh. Say "LOL."
- You're supposed to say "LOL."
- Oh, sorry.
LOL.
- I'm not the other girls.
I can deal.
- I don't know.
People are flipping out
that I'm turning
to the dark side.
- Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
- Bigger laughing face.
[music stops]
- To the side with the tears.
- If we do make this a movie,
someone else has to play Mike.
- OK, take two, take two.
- OK, ready?
I don't like his acting.
I think it's good.
Mike, it can't always be me.
You've got to take the reins.
And then we should pass it.
But everyone's too scared.
We don't care.
- End scene.
I wasn't gonna bring this up,
but she will not let it go.
- Mike sounds like Angelina
right now,
like, saving receipts.
- She just won't let it go.
- He's kind of playing
the same game as her.
- I'll be right back.
Gotta make a call.
- Dude, that table read
was fire, kid.
- That was fire, right?
[hip-hop music]
[phone chimes]
- I mean, listen, when I first
got the text messages,
I'll be honest...
- Get the address.
- It said go now.
We gotta go now.
- And I was like, uh, OK.
- We're gonna get
into a fight or something.
- It's all you.
- Never trust a stripper.
We're ready.
- And blowouts.
- Ha ha.
All right,
the plan is in motion.
- ♪ I'm a queen ♪
♪ Better drop down
when I step ♪
♪ On the scene ♪
♪ ♪
- Welcome to my life.
I can't deal.
- Which one of us is gonna
actually take the package?
- All right,
this is what I think.
I think you should
be the lookout.
Let me focus on the package.
You watch my six.
- In case anything goes south.
- To be honest, I'm not really
trusting Pauly right now.
- It's a tour, man.
This is only the first stop.
- But she knows
I have receipts.
- Mike thinks we're going
to another sandwich spot.
Little does he know we're going
to the skydiving spot.
Let's do this, boys, next spot.
- This place has, like,
drag shows and stuff, right?
- Yeah, the drag show
is so fun here too.
- I want Zack
to get a lap dance.
- Remember?
Gianni went on stage.
The drag queen was on him.
[cheers and laughter]
And he was sitting up
there like this.
- Petrified.
- Yeah.
- No wonder he doesn't want
to come and film anymore.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
- Is this a muffaletta tour
or a tour of sandwiches
of NOLA?
Maybe, like,
a shrimp po'boy next.
- Oh, that's what you want?
- About to basically
kidnap somebody
and force them to jump
out of a plane.
This could definitely
backfire,
especially when we tell him
he's not getting
another sandwich.
- So boys, now that you've
heard all the facts,
like, did I do anything wrong?
[bell dings]
- Yep, you got in
an entanglement with the devil.
It's very easy to distract Mike
when there's drama involved.
- She would come for me
every week.
- He's just gonna keep
trying to figure out
why he's not wrong.
- Man, this line
for the muffaletta is long.
- Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Like, she--
she notoriously comes in hot.
- And he could do that for,
like, years.
- Now, she's saying
there was an addendum sent.
I've never seen it.
- It's called addendum
or amendment?
- Addendum.
- I thought an addendum was,
like, a list of things to do.
- No, an amendment is--
- Amendment is you change it.
- But I think
an addendum is to add on.
- "An amendment is typically
used to change something
that's part
of an original contract--"
- Yes.
- Wait, wait, I'm not done.
"An addendum is used
to clarify and add things
that were not initially
part..."
- Oh, slap my butt, no way.
- "Of the original contract."
- Yeah.
- Slap it.
- There is no difference
between an amendment
and an addendum,
because a snake honors nothing.
- She even amended--
amended the addendum.
- By herself, and it never was
signed by both parties.
[upbeat music]
- This is some vacation.
Open water,
there's no bystanders.
- It sounds like
the perfect place to,
like, kill someone
or bury a body.
- Maybe we could book
our own drag.
- Oh, that would be great.
- And the boys have to come...
- Yes.
- Watch drag.
- Oh, yes.
- Vinny could do
a "Dancing with the Stars"
move.
- Wait, we should
dress Vinny as drag.
- Remember, he dressed up
in Miami in my clothes?
- Oh, hey, boo.
- What the [bleep] is that?
[laughs]
- Remember in Italy,
they dressed like us.
Vinny was me.
- And then he did
the bridesmaid dress.
- Let's hear it
for Vincent Guadagnino.
Speech!
- He liked it.
- Oh, yeah.
- Vinny, you do realize
you can take that dress off,
right?
- Vinny's a drag queen.
- I feel like it makes sense.
- This is the best day
of my life.
- Vinny would be like,
shut up, I'm not doing it.
- Yeah.
- He would literally be a drag.
- Not a good drag.
[upbeat music]
- It seems like we're going
to Georgia right now.
- Yeah, we're doing a tour
of each states' muffalettas.
- This muffaletta place
is an hour
outside of Bourbon Street.
Oh, we're in the bayou, boys.
We're in the bayou.
We going gator hunting
right now?
Maybe wrassling a gator?
I feel like I'm on the way
to the pine barrens right now,
if you know what I'm saying.
- ♪ I can't stop, can't stop ♪
♪ I'm going higher up ♪
- She's crazy.
- Yeah.
- She's, like,
you know, a loose cannon.
You don't know
what she's gonna do.
- We're going past,
like, 19 airport signs,
entering the airport,
entering the air base,
entering the flight space,
and Mike still doesn't know
he's gonna skydive
for this gender reveal.
The addendum or the amendment
wasn't notarized.
- Yeah.
- This is the art
of distraction.
So what happened
in the van last night?
If we keep talking
about Angelina,
he won't even know
what's going on.
- She was
just all over the place,
you know?
- Yeah.
[dramatic Italian music]
- Hi, Deena, CJ, and Cameron.
- Hi, Jenni, Meilani,
and Greyson.
- It's Wednesday,
November 9th, 3:50.
We're in Louisiana, we think.
If you're listening to this,
we're probably gator food.
Boys, just remember
to always be a gentleman,
hold the door open for women,
and treat them with respect.
Don't let people swindle you
with talks of circle of trust.
- [distorted]
This is the circle of trust.
- It's [bleep].
- We're on a highway
over open water.
We're not sure
where we're going.
We do not have clear direction.
- This is all
under the direction
of Pauly DelVecchio,
AKA DJ Pauly D.
- And Vinny Guadagnino.
- [distorted]
We're counting on you.
- CJ and Cameron, never trust
Uncle Pauly and Uncle Vinny
ever again.
Should we wave that cop down?
- What are we doing tonight?
- Maybe Pauly's planning it.
- I don't know.
I haven't heard anything.
- I've got to walk
very slow today.
I'm sick as hell right now,
but I'm gonna meet up
with the girls
even if it kills me.
Yo.
- Hey.
- Did you guys see
that [bleep] text Pauly sent?
all: No.
- "Hey, girls, I have a cab
"picking you guys up
outside country club.
I have a fun activity planned.
See you there."
- I'm dying.
- Fun activity?
- I don't know--I don't want
to do any activities today.
I just [bleep] got here.
- I really think
a mimosa would help.
[dramatic Italian music]
- That's a warehouse.
- Maybe it's a [bleep] jail.
- Look for a guy holding a box.
- Can you just loop around
so Zack's side is
towards the building, please,
just in case?
- No, I think we should just...
- Can do.
- Stop right here,
and we'll get out right here.
♪ ♪
- Where we going,
to a farm for this muffaletta?
- What the hell?
What type of muffalettas
they make here?
- Wow, the muffalettas
must be really...
- Damn.
- Authentic here.
- They must grow them out here
in the trees.
- Yo, Vinny, you jumping
out of a plane, guy?
- No, not me.
- All right, let's go.
- ♪ You can't stop now ♪
- We scanned the exterior.
We were supposed to see
some mysterious man.
He was not there.
I must say, Zack, very brave
of you to pick it up.
- I mean, it's definitely not
a muffaletta place.
- I don't think jumping
out of a plane is safe.
All right, let's go.
- ♪ Can't stop now ♪
- Let's go get this muffaletta.
Bro, didn't you say you wanted
to kiss the sky
for your reveal?
Well, we out here.
- Whenever we asked you--
we were like,
yo, what do you wanna do
for your gender reveal?
- Something with a plane.
- You're like,
something with a plane.
- Yeah.
- So--
- Yo, who's jumping
out of a plane, maine?
- Well, we wanted you
to fulfill your dream
of kissing the sky, so...
- Oh, really?
- Kiss that sky, my guy...
- Oh, damn, all right.
- Because this is
your gender reveal!
There's your plane.
- Your plane.
- You asked for it.
You shall receive it.
- I didn't say
that I wanted
to jump out of a plane.
- I'm the god--
I'm your godfather,
so I have to get you
what you want.
- Do we have a stuntman?
- It's you!
- Yeah, you!
- No, I--I--
- Run back that tape.
He said that he wanted
to kiss the sky--
four times you said it.
- I said that we can drop
something from a plane.
- Yeah, you said you.
- My wife is going to flip out.
- By that time, you're gonna
be already descending.
- Descending?
- Yeah.
So are you jumping out of the
orange one or the white one?
- ♪ Can't keep me down ♪
- This'll go viral.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Vibe check ♪
♪ 100% living in
a party state of mind ♪
- Bathrooms?
Anyone bathrooms?
- Yes, yes.
- Yeah.
- Pauly sends us a text.
"Car's outside.
Get in it
for the next location."
What is this?
Everything's such a surprise
and, like, crazy.
- Here, girl.
- Let's bring the champagne
and keep drinking.
Here, Ange, I got you a mimosa.
- ♪ Yeah, where we going? ♪
♪ On the ride of your life,
and we doing the most ♪
- Yo, who's jumping
out of a plane, maine?
You could jump out of a plane.
- Me?
- Oh!
- It ain't my baby.
It's not my baby.
- It's not my baby.
No, not my baby.
- Listen, my wife is going
to flip out.
- Don't worry,
we didn't tell her.
- As soon as they enter her
into the--
- And by that time, you're
gonna be already descending.
- You'll already be down,
yeah, yeah.
- Descending?
- Yes, but, um,
you got to sign this paperwork
just in case.
I got that waiver right there
because I don't even have
insurance for that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The plane looks sturdy.
- Yeah, it looks sturdy.
I can't lie to wifey.
I'm just gonna say--
- You can't lie,
but you can't tell her either.
- I can't lie to wifey.
I'm gonna say...
We're good.
She's gonna be suspicious.
I can't lie to my wife.
I don't lie to my wife.
I'll say...
- We couldn't tell anybody.
[Italian music]
- [quietly] God damn it.
- Who's jumping out here?
- I'm Pauly D.
This is Vinny.
- Nice to meet you.
- How you doing?
- This is Mike.
He's the man of the hour.
- Situation.
- Nice to meet ya.
You're the one getting...
- Yes.
- Thrown out of an airplane?
There's a waiver
you're gonna have to fill out.
- Oh, [bleep].
- I'll show you a brief video.
- I thought there was
gonna be a stuntman.
No liability insurance, damn.
You know, I thought
I was valuable.
- It's pretty standard.
- I would just sign it.
And you'll probably be fine.
- Probably.
- For the most part.
- Oh, [bleep], it keeps going.
- Yeah, initial there, man.
- Dang.
- We gotta do this
before Laurens gets here, man.
- The wifey would not
approve of this.
- How long is he free-falling?
- Could be the rest
of his life,
but ideally, about 35 seconds.
- Yo, 35--35 seconds
is a while [bleep].
- Come on, man.
- What do you mean?
35 seconds is nothing.
- I've always wanted
to do this.
We're going that high
[bleep] to fall 35 seconds?
- Yeah, you got to.
- We're going about 120,
130 miles an hour.
- That's not bad.
- I don't know.
- But just think about it.
You're doing this
for your daughter.
- Yeah.
- This would be the dopest
gender reveal I've ever seen
in my life.
both: Oh!
- All right,
I guess we doing it.
- He's signing it.
Let's get that will out
so he can sign that too.
- I want the house.
- Oh, my God, is he Bill Gates?
- I want that new pool.
- I want that Versace shirt.
- [mumbling indistinctly]
- Vinny's gonna have to inherit
the beef with Angeliner.
- She had texted me
a couple weeks prior.
- Kitchen to Pauly D.
- Is this, like,
an alligator place?
- What is happening?
I don't trust it.
- Yo, my wife's gonna
go crazy, man.
- I had nothing
to do with this, Laurens.
- Y'all think
this was a good idea?
- This was your idea.
- This is lit.
- I don't know how
I'm gonna get this done,
but I'm gonna get it done
because I have that faith
in myself.
- The smoke should be here
any minute.
- OK.
- I got, uh--
I got it being delivered.
I got a guy.
- Oh, damn.
- We got a guy.
- It says "regional airport."
- This is definitely cr--
this is definitely crazy.
- We gotta get you a harness,
get you strapped up.
I'm gonna give you
some brief instructions.
- I'm not getting on a plane.
- I'm proud of you, brother.
- Proud of you, brother.
He doesn't think about things.
He's so stupid,
it works for him.
He's like, yeah, whatever,
we're going on a plane.
- What?
- Oh--
- Nothing.
- I will let
the circle of trust go,
along with the box.
- Yep.
- What's this guy doing?
This guy's parachuting?
- Fellas.
- Oh, they got the box.
- What is going on here?
- Fellas.
- Yo, you got the goods?
- We got the box.
- How you making out?
- Yo, you didn't
open the box, right?
- Did you open that?
- No.
- What is going on?
- Yes, my man.
Appreciate you.
All right,
circle of trust, right?
- The box doesn't look
tampered with.
They are now
in the circle of trust.
You guys are now
- This is a gender reveal.
This guy's jumping
out of a plane,
and what's in here
is the reveal.
- What?
- Yeah.
Yup.
- This is insanity.
- Yo, my wife's gonna
kill me, man.
I'm more scared of what
the wifey's gonna do right now
than jumping out of this plane.
She's gonna start crying.
I guarantee you, flipping out.
- Bro, you better be in the sky
already when she gets here.
- The chute better
be [bleep] deployed...
- Red or blue smoke.
- When she gets here.
- And not for nothing, he
didn't know he was coming here,
and we passed, like,
14, like...
- Airports.
- Airport signs.
He didn't realize
what was going on.
- All he was talking about was
Angelina's text messages.
He's gonna be up in the air,
talking to the guy.
He'll be like, you know,
"I don't what got into her!
She said I could do it!"
- "She told me to go hard
on Twitter."
- "She told me to tweet."
- Let's get it.
- Bye, Mike!
Saying goodbye feels
kind of sketchy.
- Yo, this is crazy.
- I don't want it to be the
last time
I say bye to Mike.
- Let's get it in.
- Yo, let's get it in!
Let's get it!
- Let's get it, boys!
- Let's [bleep] go!
- "Gender reveal" on three.
- Wait, "It's a girl."
- Oh. "It's a girl" on three.
- Oh, [bleep], now he knows.
- You just revealed it again
before the reveal.
[overlapping chatter]
- Oops.
"Gender reveal."
- "Gender reveal."
- Yo, we're turning,
we're turning.
What is that?
Read the sign.
- Airport?
- What?
- We're leaving?
[overlapping chatter]
- We're at an airport.
- Are we going
in a [bleep] plane?
- Are you [bleep] me?
- I'm not going
in a little plane.
Like, what is happening?
- Is Pauly flying?
- Oh, I won't do that. No.
- What is happening?
- One, two, three.
all: Gender reveal!
- This right here is XXL.
This is magnum.
This is go big or go home.
- Yo, this is crazy!
He's in the plane.
- Are we getting pranked?
- What is going on?
- What is that?
- Yo, those tires need air.
- Damn, that's a G right there.
- What's happening?
- I don't [bleep] know.
- What the [bleep]
are they doing?
- Oh, now it's getting real.
- Oh, wow.
- Now it's getting real.
- Our top speed is
120 miles an hour.
[indistinct]
- [indistinct]
- What is this?
- Can we go skydiving?
- Oh, this is wild.
- I still can't believe
he's up there.
- Who's doing this?
If my husband's in a plane,
I'll lose it.
- What the [bleep]
is happening?
- Chris and Zack are here.
- Oh, [bleep].
This is not gonna be good.
- I think the boys went
skydiving.
- No.
- They have to.
They're in the air.
- No.
- What?
- You're lying.
[dramatic music]
Where's Mike?
Where is he?
I will kill Mike.
No. No.
- ♪ I'm like a bird ♪
♪ I'll only fly away ♪
♪ I don't know where
my soul is, soul is ♪
♪ I don't know
where my home is ♪
♪ But, baby,
all I need for you to know ♪
- I'm really at peace
for this gender reveal.
I'm cruising at 10,000 feet,
but I'm looking out the window
like a little kid, like--
the adrenaline's pumping,
but there's nothing
but positive vibes.
[music distorts and stops]
- I think the boys went
skydiving.
- I will kill Mike.
- Oh, [bleep].
- I gotta go do something.
- The girls pull up, and they
have no idea what's going on.
I'm just focused on Laurens.
- This is a skydiving place.
- No.
- This is not gonna be good.
I don't wanna be the one
that tells Laurens
what's going down.
You guys got this, right?
- Yeah--yo, oh.
[laughter]
- I'd 100% rather be
up in the sky
about to jump out of a plane.
- I didn't think
this far ahead.
- My nipples are cold.
- Should we tell her
Mike's in the bathroom?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- What is happening?
- This is weird.
- Where's Mike?
- I'm not doing this.
My husband's there.
- Hi, babe.
- My husband said
that he was at the hotel.
So why are you lying?
I don't like this [bleep],
Christopher.
- Where's Mike?
- I'm not doing this.
- If he's in a plane,
I'm gonna murder all of you
one at a time.
- I didn't do anything.
- I know what this is.
- [distorted]
Can I jump out of a plane?
- [distorted] No!
[normal]
And I did not approve it.
You're dead.
- Me? I didn't do anything.
- Is this the baby reveal?
- Laurens, I just wanted
to say, we love you so much.
- I hope I'm wrong.
I don't know.
I'm gonna kill both of you.
- I didn't do anything.
- Vinny!
- What is really happening?
- Where is he?
Pauly's going like this,
and, I'm like--[gasps]
- Yeah.
- [no audible dialogue]
- Yo.
- Oh, my...
- You have to be [bleep]
kidding me.
- She's calling him.
- [imitating Mike] Hi, honeys.
- Hi, where are you?
- I love you so much.
[laughter]
- No!
- Oh, my God.
- Yo, take my phone.
- I thought he'd answer!
- If Mike doesn't die
from jumping out of a plane,
he's gonna die when Lauren
beats his ass when he lands.
- Are you OK?
- Yeah, I have to pee so bad.
- I don't know if you want
to go right now.
- Where is he?
- OK, yeah, yeah.
- OK.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Are we--are we--
are we tightened in now?
- Yeah.
- At 10,000 feet
looking down at the runway...
Oh, [bleep].
There's not any looking back.
- Who came up with this?
- All right, let's do this.
- Let's go.
- Is he really doing it,
or is someone else doing it?
Because we talked about
someone else doing it.
- In the middle of nowhere.
- Yeah.
- Oh, [bleep], let's get it.
- Yeah, [indistinct].
- Is there a bathroom here?
Oh, my God.
- Get ready to jump, all right.
- Just, like,
pushing on all my organs.
Can I just find a bathroom,
like, now?
I can't.
- Can I please go too?
- Yeah, same.
- You guys are gonna miss it.
This guy's gonna come and land.
And the girls are gonna be--
- In the bathroom.
- I feel bad if I miss it,
but I don't also want people
to see me pee my pants.
And that's where I'm at
right now.
Someone's gonna see me tinkle.
- No, like, literally,
we timed it
to be in the air
when y'all got here.
Hello? You're gonna miss
the whole thing.
Oh, he's right there!
- Where?
- He's right there!
[all yelling]
- Where's Lauren?
- He's gonna fall on our head!
- Oh, my God!
- You're gonna just
lie on your back.
- I cannot believe
she's in the [bleep] bathroom.
- She's gonna miss it!
- Lauren's not here.
Where are the girls?
- Yo, I would be
bugging right now, bro.
- Oh, man!
- ♪ It's in my veins,
yeah, I feel it ♪
♪ Look in my eyes,
there's no way to conceal it ♪
♪ Nothing is written
that you can't seal it ♪
- Oh, my God,
Lauren is gonna miss it?
- ♪ Pressure is pumping,
it's coming, it's bubbling ♪
- He's gonna be like,
honey, did you see me?
She's gonna be like, no.
- This is not good.
- The plane is going
hundreds of miles per hour,
and I can't get
my right leg out.
- He's not gonna jump out
right now, right?
- That's high as [bleep]!
- I don't know.
I can't talk to him.
- [bleep].
- I got his phone.
- Laurens is in the bathroom.
- We've gotta get
this girl here now.
- Wait, they're gonna jump
right now.
- Where are they?
- Lauren!
- ♪ Hey, wild and dangerous ♪
♪ No need to worry about me ♪
- They're gonna jump right now!
- Come on!
He's right there, Lauren!
- ♪ No need
to worry about me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm wild
and dangerous ♪
♪ And I've been living
on the edge ♪
- Holy [bleep].
- Glad you could come out
of that bathroom, girl.
- Lauren, that's him!
- Where?
- Oh, my God. I lost him.
- I lost him.
- Me too!
[all yelling]
Whoo.
- How are you doing, man?
- Good, brother.
- You just jumped
out of an airplane.
- Oh, damn.
- What do you got
to say for yourself?
- It's a girl.
- It's a girl?
- Nice.
- Oh, that's Mike!
- That one!
- Oh, my God.
- Where?
Oh, right there!
- Wait, that's him.
He jumped.
- Oh, right there.
- Wait, he jumped!
- Right there, that's him.
- Oh, my God.
- That little dot?
- Mike!
- That's Mike!
That's Mike!
- There is a black dot
hovering above us
at 10,000 feet.
- Wow!
- He friggin' did it!
- It's a bird.
It's a plane.
It's a Situation.
- It's a girl.
Look behind you.
- ♪ Gonna break,
gonna break the ceiling ♪
- There he is!
I see him!
- There's something
coming out of it!
- Is it blue or pink?
It's pink!
- Let's go!
[all cheering]
It's a girl!
- It's a girl!
- A little baby girl Situation.
I mean, we did
kind of already know.
[all cheering]
But oh, my God, like,
we are so,
so excited about it.
- That's how you do
a gender reveal.
Mike is coming down.
Like, Mike actually did it.
He's a gangster for this.
This was an epic,
epic gender reveal.
- I've seen some pretty
beautiful things in my life.
[laughter]
Traveling through
the mother country...
- We'll remember this forever,
you know what I mean?
- My wife walking
down the aisle...
You look fire, honey.
- You look fire.
The birth of my first son.
Look at this guy.
But at 10,000 feet, pssh.
The sky was pink, maine.
There was pink smoke
shooting from my legs.
And there's not a doubt
I will remember it
for the rest of my life.
- Good job.
- Thank you, brother.
- You ready
for the scary stuff?
- Look at this,
he's doing tricks!
- That can't be him.
- No, that's him.
- He said they do tricks
up there.
- If Mike goes like this,
that means do tricks.
And if he goes like this,
it means no tricks.
- He got excited,
and he said, do tricks.
- Yeah.
- Is that really him up there?
- They pull a stunt thing
over there.
They do a switcheroo.
- This is not a prank.
It's not a prank.
- Hi, Mike!
- Oh, my God.
- Mike!
[all yelling]
- Are you insane?
- Oh, my God, he's gonna land.
- Oh, God.
- Do you run when you land?
- I don't know.
- Oh, my God,
he's coming down right there.
- Oh, my God.
- Whoa.
- He's coming.
[all yelling]
- Watch out, watch out!
- Oh, my God!
[all cheering]
- Nice landing, Mike!
Oh, my goodness.
- Oh, my God.
- You got a blowout.
- Here I am, baby.
We did it.
- How was that?
- It was good.
- What do you mean?
- He just said it was good.
- Can you speak?
- Why didn't you tell me?
- Congratulations.
- Honey, I did it for us.
- You're having a girl!
- It's a girl!
[all cheering]
- I'm so excited
Mike is gonna have a girl,
and she's gonna torture him
for the rest of his life.
- You killed that, bro.
I didn't think
you were gonna do it.
- This is one of the most
epic things
I've ever seen any of us do.
- Mike, you did that
for your little girl.
- Not only is this
a bucket list moment,
but I did this with my friends
and my family.
It's gonna be Situation,
family of four.
[all cheering]
- It's a little girl!
- We got a little girl!
- We all knew it was a girl.
[laughter]
- I cannot believe this.
- This has to be the ultimate
gender reveal.
Mike's got some balls
to jump out of a plane.
He doesn't have balls
any other way in life.
[music distorts and stops]
- We usually hash things out
on family dinner.
- We should not go here.
- Did you throw water?
- Who gives a [bleep]?
Did you not pay your taxes,
yes or no?
- Oh!
- Family fun day, part two.
- That's the most action
Deena's had all month.
- My man's here.
- What?
She was just
giving me lap dances.
- I think it's only right
we explain
to new Vinny
about the old Vinny.
- Old Sitch is back.